Update sdk.md (#31421)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/instrumentation/sdk.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}
To trace an LLM span, use the function decorator `ddtrace.llmobs.decorators.llm()`.

> **Note**: To display the estimated cost in U.S. dollars, set modelProvider to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to move this part to the `model_provider` section below on line 497.

Author: I've made a change accordingly!

`model_provider`
: optional - _string_ - **default**: `"custom"`
<br/>The name of the model provider.

> **Note**: To display the estimated cost in U.S. dollars, set modelProvider to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br />**Note**: To display the estimated cost in US dollars, set `model_provider` to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.
```

`modelProvider`
: optional - _string_ - **default**: `"custom"`
<br/>The name of the model provider.

> **Note**: To display the estimated cost in U.S. dollars, set modelProvider to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br />**Note**: To display the estimated cost in US dollars, set `modelProvider` to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.
```

`modelProvider`
: optional - _String_ - **default**: `"custom"`
<br/>The name of the model provider.

> **Note**: To display the estimated cost in U.S. dollars, set modelProvider to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br />**Note**: To display the estimated cost in US dollars, set `modelProvider` to one of the following values: `openai`, `azure_openai`, or `anthropic`.
```
